Hello, in this file, I will go over how to play the game and how the maze is generated.

So, this maze is generated using the backtracking algorithm. The algorithmic technique of backtracking refers to the problem solution steps taken in a progressive way to try one option, invalidate it and try another option if lead to a dead end. Usually, this is applied to a problem which requires searching for several alternatives to find a specific solution, for example, pathfinding in a maze or puzzle-like Sudoku. Upon reaching the dead end, the algorithm backtracks to the previous decision point and tries a different route until the solution is eventually found or no more courses of action remain.

First window will welcome the player, and give him some options to choose his actions. He can either start a game by pressing number 1 keyword, or view the instructions to this game by pressing number 2 keyword, and lastly he can quit the game straight away by pressing number 3 keyword, and window will just close. Once a player enters the game, he is treated to a maze gameplay that gets randomly generated by the backtracking algorithm. He is represented as a purple rectangle and moves it using WASD keys; W for up, A for left, S for down, and D for right. A player's goal is to reach the green exit at the end of the maze. However there would be challenges throughout the game, first, the most important one is red enemy, he moves all around the maze and can easily attack the player, wich will lead to game over. Additionally there is yellow doors, which leads to puzzles that player needs to solve advance further, or the player would stuck in one place. The good news is, player can collect diamonds to fight the enemy back, so it is really important to collect them throughout the game. Also, if the player wants to save the game, he can do it by pressing number 5 keyword. To load a saved game, he can press number 3 keyword in the menu or number 4 keyword on the playing field. That gives the player the ability, to continue his game at any time.

I think this is all the instuctions. Thank you for your attention!!!
